I thought Vahid had left BU? amazing if he hasn't, he truly was amazing, not a CS student, but I took CS111 with him. I heard he was teaching 131 this summer even tho he’s been gone and he's fantastic.
BU CS needs more profs like Andrew Wood
BU CS overall has a strong focus on theory because it was originally separated from the math department A LONG time ago. This is good if you are looking to get into research, but we do also have many classes that are more application based. These are the courses (minus whatever transferred) you’d be taking for the requirements: https://www.bu.edu/cs/undergraduate/academic-programs/computer-science-major/ (This doesn’t show all group D courses, that’s where you get the most freedom to take what you want because A-C have options to choose from) And if you want to look at the upper level courses not listed OR get more in-depth on any of the classes, you can use the course search to get the full description/better idea of what you’ll learn: https://www.bu.edu/phpbin/course-search/ If you don’t know what you want to do with your degree specifically, as you get further into your degree you can take classes from the different groups that may help (Database Vs software engineering vs AI vs data science). I like that now any 300+ level data science dept course will count towards your group D CS requirement. This has definitely expanded the options and brought me one of the cooler classes I’ve taken, DS380 - Data Ethics (during the rise of ChatGPT it’s been really interesting) (I transferred here in fall ‘20 so I understand the feeling and these are the tools I wish I had to look into BU CS… please def message me if I can help w any questions/ specifics :) )
Vahid, Sullivan
VAHIDD!!!!
Donham and Tsourakakis
Abbas Attarwala
BU has some really great cybersecurity courses/professors. Goldberg, Kaptchuck are both great. Egele is a prof in computer engineering but his class is awesome and open to CS undergrads
Vahid, Sullivan, Dora Erdos
Anyone but Papadakis
Donham is great!