typa math class that makes you go, "wow, that's so cool" but also "kms" textbook is so so helpful, go to office hours off the bat, and participate in lab 5+ hours of hw a week, but its 40% of your grade so he's such a cutie patootie and well spoken and kind. highly recommend even tho the class is hard.
Crovella is a legend, goated in cs/ds field but DS310 is such a drag... The content can be pretty monotonous and boring, and Crovella's lectures aren't super engaging. I do respect who he is as a person and there's no doubt he's knowledgeable in Data Mechanics. It just doesn't always come through in his classes. HW takes a long time to grade.
Lectures are straightforward. Homeworks are practical and directly relate to the lecture material.
Taken Spring '24. This class content isn't really interesting, but honestly with Prof. Crovella, this class was quite engaging and relatively easy. He wrote his own textbook and its immensely helpful. I found that if I did the homework and went to lectures I was prepared for every test 100%. Take him if you can!
Professor Crovella is a kind man who regularly exposed me to untold computational horrors. The material is inherently pretty dry, but he clearly has a passion for the subject, which helps. The course materials are extremely well organized, including a great online textbook written by him that was indispensable for completing homework and study.
Decent lectures, but I think 132 is a relatively boring subject to begin with. His class is structured really well, with homework being 50% with two dropped grades. His lecture notes are easy to follow and help with the homework assignments a lot. Exams are also fair.
GOAT prof, lectures may be dry but content is delivered well and makes lin alg very enjoyable.
I really enjoyed Crovella's lectures and the textbook, written by him, was a big help in understanding different examples. Also, has a very lenient grading policy that lets you drop 2 homework assignments.
Homeworks and the kaggle midterm are very time-consuming, but the course material is not hard. Excellent lecture slides so there's no reason to attend lecture. Spark project was not even data science related. Taken Fall 2021.
Prof. Crovella is pretty boring. His lectures generally focus too much on problem-solving, and I found that I didn't remember a lot of the material/concepts after his class. He has excellent lecture notes, which honestly make going to his class redundant if it wasn't for the TopHat participation. Taken Spring 2020.
the lecs for this class are SO DRY. He basically reads off the textbook thats all THEORY. Maybe does one practice question that's nothing like any on the homework. The homework is okay as long as you have a group of friends to work it through with. Midterm was fine, final was brutal. Homework is 65% tho so whatever.
Lectures were not enjoyable. Homework was a real pain to do, very time consuming yet easy. He co-taught with Prof Snyder and they both just read of lecture notes that were posted online. Honestly, I feel very neutral about him. He came to half the lectures and never interacted with us, but the class was fine sooooo
