One of the best professors in the CS dept. Really engaging, knowledgeable, and just generally down to earth. Has great slides and teaches the course content well. Sad this is my last class with her!
great teacher and tests were not to hard
Erdos is very helpful during office hours, clearly explains concepts in lecture, and is always willing to take the time to answer your questions. The only issue is that her handwriting can be a bit hard to read, so it's better to take notes in class rather than relying on the annotated slides afterward. Overall, she is an excellent teacher
Very good lecturer with super detailed slides and, imo, a lenient grader. Tests take a lot of studying but reviewing the slides and lecture recordings helps. Despite that, test are very fair with super reasonable questions and generous grading.
The class could be tough. But understanding the lectures and discussions helps with the assignments. Helping in the exam. Just pay attention. Make sure to ask if any doubts, even if it may seem stupid.
Algorithms is a tough class, but Erdos makes it better. She is obviously very knowledgeable in the subject and is willing to take time with you in office hours to explain the material. I thought that her lectures helped me understand the subject fine, but she was willing to clear up things that I was confused about outside of class time
The class is hard, I struggled personally from making many small minor mistakes in HW and exams, but due to her teaching style, I was always able to grasp every big concept and just needed to work on the smaller details outside of class. She is not a hard professor the course is hard and this is why many people devote a lot of time to this class.
Absolute Gem of a Person! She is my BA/MS advisor, always available and ready to help out in any way she can. Honestly, she is the only Professor I know who actually cares - responds to Piazzas and Emails on weekends as well. 330 is a tough class - you just gotta level up man, can't hate a Professor just cause you're not studying GG
I have no idea why she has so many low ratings. I was terrified for 330 this semester after hearing so many bad things but it was like very much okay??? I thought 210 and 237 were harder honestly. Problem sets are extremely manageable and the exams were fair enough. She seems like she cares!
Professor Erdos genuinely doesn't deserve the low ratings. CS330 is a difficult course and it's likely that she's being overshadowed by Smith. Erdos is great during office hours and is incredibly accommodating as the director of undergrad studies. She helped a lot during my PhD application process and responded to emails very promptly.
