Professor Papadakis-Kanaris is great! Her slides are very helpful, especially when going back to review for exams. Although lectures feels so long, it's mainly due to the material in the course itself. Overall, she's a good professor, and definitely cares about preparing us for after graduation!
CPK gets frustrated with you if you don't pick concepts up quickly, which is quite demotivating to students new to the course content. Content isn't explained well at all, slides are often riddled with errors from years ago that she never bothered to update or proofread. Avoid, or at least proceed with caution.
She teaches pretty well, but is even better at giving workout advice
her slides are extremely long, making it difficult to look back and review. No lecture recordings either. Labs take forever to complete, you're not finishing it within your given lab time even though she claims you should be able to. Said her quiz was made to be able to be completed within less of a lecture time. biggest lie nobody finishes on time
This class is genuinely just so hard. She made me not want to be a computer science major. It is basically impossible to do well in this class given that the exams have so much weight and the lecture slides are incredibly hard to follow. If you have preethi in the beginning of the class youll be alright but change your major do NOT take this class.
genuine person who cares about her students, but hard to follow lecture and slides can be convoluted. exams are worth way too much, and are MUCH harder than what we had on psets. would not want to have her as a professor again. definitely the hardest class ive ever taken. averages on midterms/final were like 60%
She is an "ok" lecturer. "If you dont pay attention in class, then dont go to class" and then makes attendance required through quizzes. "Students thank me for the interview prep", maybe like 10 years ago creating this class, but classes like this are disconnected to whats happening in SWE industry, she is too. Oh yea and the syllabus prohibits AI.
The exams are extremely tough in terms of short time for lots of repetitive code, and the final material is really crammed in at the end feeling super overwhelming before the final exam.
Mean professor
CS112 is one of the challenging classes at BU and CPK makes it much harder
Overall, CPK was pretty good. She was approachable and nice when I spoke to her, and did genuinely care about her students. She gets a lot of flak for teaching CS112 which is a hard course, as a professor she's pretty good.
Christine made me believe I was worthy of being in computer science. Absolutely amazing experience 10/10 would take again
WORST PROF@BU. She is unorganized, judgmental and condescending. Don't take this class if you aren't prepared to dedicate your life to psets and sell your soul to the BU CS dept. Auto graders aren't released until the day before psets are due so you wont have time to debug your code. She is an embarrassment to women in STEM, BU and herself.
Your on your own here buddy. The lecture are messy, make no sense. Barely any correlation between your notes, ps, and exams. I am so lost because how is tuition so expensive with a course strucutured this bad. The class averages low, my friends who have taken JAVA before admit to being lost. So people who haven't are cooked, fried,whatever name it.