sullivan is the most organized, type A professor ever; it's so refreshing, and I love him so much. there are zero suprises. if you put in consistent effort this class is an easy A, highly recommend.
definitely overrated. his lectures are organized and his teaching is clear, but nothing special. the worst part is that he uses top hat for attendance. it costs money and the app barely works, so its frustrating when you cant answer. thankfully there is 15% accommodation for attendance. please stop using top hat
Taken Fall ‘25. Very overrated - I found that he cares very little for helping students. Can come off almost hostile if he doesn't like your question, and is extraordinarily unaccommodating. Also a very harsh grader - you are tested on nuance and not understanding. The class is structured amazingly though - you learn a lot.
kinda strict with attendance, attentiveness, and grading. but overall very good at teaching the material and passionate.
The GOAT, best professor I've had so far in college. I took his class this time last year, just wanted to come back and say how good he was again.
He is the best professor, if you pay attention in his class you will be completely fine. I just didn't pay attention for a bit but he's genuinely the best. I took CS 112 after this, and I'm still using his lectures and coursepack from spring 2023(my current professor, CPK, is not that great lol)
Professor Sullivan is an amazing person and an even greater teacher. His lectures are really engaging and not very challenging. Most of the time, he gives tips in class for the weekly problem sets (which, as the semester goes on, get longer and harder). Grading is the only downside. Small mistakes can really lower your grade, but manageable.
Very easy and relaxing. Wouldn't fully recommend this class if you're doing it for HUB, it's fine but there are better options out there.
Don't take CS111 if you are not planning to major in CS. Workload is very high but manageable with weekly prob. sets. Exams are worth high percentage. Go to office hours and don't use AI or you will not get a good grade. Sullivan is nice but can snap or get angry fast during lectures. Final letter grade is curved based on overall class performance.
Sullivan is amazing for 111 and meh for 460. The course material kind of goes all over the place and you don't get to go very in depth into anything. The TA's aren't great and you can tell he's pretty aggressive with them. It isn't the hardest class but definitely my most miserable class this semester
Great professor. You can tell he is super invested in what he teaches and brings that energy into lecture. Sometimes he can get aggressive but it is really because of how excited he is. Tons of resources at your finger tips as well.
genuinely one of the best profs at BU. I took this class in spring 25 and I saw him on my way to an exam and he remembered me (crazy considering how big the class is). There's an ungodly amount of homework but he's super goated; loved going to lecture
Sullivan was extremely outstanding when it comes to explaining material. If I was ever absent from lecture, I would easily catch up because he posts the lecture videos on Blackboard. He did get a little annoyed a bit too much when it came to students talking, though.